Clean up descripitions (#3)
componently-com/awesome-building-blocks-for-web-apps: README.md

## UI Elements

- [Tailwind UI](https://tailwindui.com/) - UI components, by the creators of Tailwind CSS.
- [Webix](https://webix.com/) - JavaScript UI library and framework for displaying data in different ways.
- [Highcharts](https://www.highcharts.com/) - Interactive charts for web.
- [Webatoms](https://www.webatoms.in) - JavaScript bridge for Xamarin.Forms.
- [Creative Tim](https://www.creative-tim.com/) - Themes for React, Angular, Vue, Lavarel and HTML5.
- [Syncfusion](https://www.syncfusion.com/) - Data visualization components and PDF Viewer.
- [CureUI](https://coreui.io/pro/vue) - Vue admin template.
- [UIfort](https://uifort.com/) - UI design systems for all major frontend frameworks.
- [Sematic UI](https://semantic-ui.com/) - Open source UI component library for React, Meteor, Ember and Angular.
- [Design Revision's Shards Pro](https://designrevision.com/downloads/shards-pro) - Design blocks for web or mobile apps.
- [Themesberg](https://themesberg.com) - Bootstrap templates, themes and UI kits.
- [Treact](https://treact.owaiskhan.me/) - React templates for landing pages, built on Tailwind CSS.

## Exit Intent Popup

> - [Wisepops](https://wisepops.com/) - Create contextual popups, banners and bars for mobile and desktop visitors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Wisepops](https://wisepops.com/) - Contextual popups, banners and bars for mobile and desktop visitors.
```

- [Listagram](https://www.listagram.com) - Interactive opt-in form for collecting email addresses.
- [Poptin](https://www.poptin.com) - Popups and forms that can be integrated anywhere in the website.

> - [Sleeknote's Exit Intent Popup](https://sleeknote.com/exit-intent-popup) - Create exit-intent popups.

Reviewer: Something specific here?

## Auth
- [Auth0](https://auth0.com/) - Authentication management with native support for Angular, React and VueJS.
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com) - PaaS from Google, including authentication management.
- [Okta](https://www.okta.com/) - Authentication and Authorization solution with support for Angular, React and VueJS.
- [Onelogin](https://www.onelogin.com/) - Authentication focussed on company internal applications.
- [Microsoft Azure Active Directory](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/active-directory/#security) - Authentication management in Azure, based on Microsoft accounts.

> - [AWS Cognito](https://aws.amazon.com/cognito/) - AWS authentication management. Frontend integration is part of [AWS Amplify](https://aws.amazon.com/de/amplify/).

Reviewer: Descriptions shouldn't include links imo.
```suggestion
- [AWS Cognito](https://aws.amazon.com/cognito/) - AWS authentication management. Frontend integration is part of AWS Amplify.
```

Author: Why not? The link would be helpful and doesn't make reading harder.

Reviewer: To simplify the format and to direct users to the relevant place. This way we also don't have to verify additional links.

Author: From my perspective the main link is obvious to anyone looking at the list, I don't see a danger of this link being confusing. And I also think that verifying additional helpful links actually will make the list even more useful.

Reviewer: Another argument is consistency. We could link everything then, including frameworks. I don't really mind it, but trying to conform to other lists I saw.

Author: For me the difference is that for this one it is not really obvious that the frontend library is in a different part of AWS then the backend. I haven't encountered that problem for any of the other packages. It's basically working around AWS not-so-good documentation.

## Booking
- [Calendly](https://calendly.com/) - Stand-alone booking solution.
- [Zoho Bookings](https://www.zoho.com/bookings/) - Online scheduler integrated into Zoho Suite.
- [Acuity Scheduling](https://acuityscheduling.com/) - Appointment scheduling with extensive API.
- [10to8](https://10to8.com/) - Booking tool with many features in the free tier.
- [SuperSaaS](https://www.supersaas.com/) - Appointment scheduling with focus on group scheduling.
- [SimplyBook.Me](https://simplybook.me/) - Booking tool with its own booking directory.
- [OnceHub](https://www.oncehub.com/) - Scheduling via ScheduleOnce and meeting management via InviteOnce.  
- [YouCanBookMe](https://youcanbook.me/) - Online scheduling for teams.
- [OnSched](https://www.onsched.com/) - Scheduling API for marketplaces & applications.
- [AppointmentPlus](https://www.appointmentplus.com/) - Appointment scheduling with coupons.
- [Booxi](https://www.booxi.com/) - Booking and online directory components.

## Notification
- [OneSignal](https://onesignal.com/) - Mobile and web notifications.
- [Notific](https://notific.io/) - Notifications including a PHP SDK.

> - [WonderPush](https://www.wonderpush.com/) - Focusing on notification speed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [WonderPush](https://www.wonderpush.com/) - Notifications focused on speed.
```

## Monitoring
- [Sentry](https://sentry.io/) - Full-stack error monitoring with release management included.
- [Raygun Crash Reporting](https://raygun.com/platform/crash-reporting) - Error monitoring as part of the Raygun suite.
- [Honeybadger](https://www.honeybadger.io/) - Error, uptime and check-in monitoring. 
- [Rollbar](https://rollbar.com/) - Error monitoring with the ability to replay HTTP requests that caused errors.

## Content Management
- [Contentful](https://www.contentful.com) - Headless content management system.

## Consent Management
- [Cookiefirst](https://cookiefirst.com/) - Cookie consent manager.
- [usercentrics](https://usercentrics.com/) - Compliance manager that can be implemented as part of existing pages.
- [Sourcepoint](https://www.sourcepoint.com/) - Compliance management as part of a suite including also ad blocker recovery.
- [PiwikPro](https://piwik.pro/gdpr-consent-manager/) - Compliance management as part of an analytics tool.
- [Consent Management Provider](https://www.consentmanager.de/) - German management tool for Cookie Consent.
- [UniConsent](https://www.uniconsent.com/) - Consent management platform for GDPR, CCPA, COPPA compliance.

> - [TrustArc](https://trustarc.com/) - Simplifies privacy management for the CCPA, GDPR, LGPD and 900+ other global regulations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [TrustArc](https://trustarc.com/) - Privacy management for the CCPA, GDPR, LGPD and other global regulations.
```

- [Cookiebot](https://www.cookiebot.com/) - Cookie tracking manager.
- [iubenda](https://www.iubenda.com/) - Consent management and terms and conditions generator.

> - [Civic Cookie Control](https://www.civicuk.com/cookie-control/) - Smaller Cookie and GDPR compliance product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Civic Cookie Control](https://www.civicuk.com/cookie-control/) - Standalone Cookie and GDPR compliance product.
```

Author: Not sure what "standalone" is supposed to mean. This one is one of the smaller companies, that's why I put this into the description.

Reviewer: Was thinking as opposed to "part of a bigger privacy management solution". But yea, standalone isn't great but I would skip "Smaller" nevertheless, feel free to skip both.

Author: This is the main difference between this tool and the other, so I would rather leave the "smaller"

- [CCM19](https://www.ccm19.de/) - German cookie consent manager.  
- [CookieInformation](https://cookieinformation.com/) - Focus on compliance reporting via a dashboard.

> - [CookiePro](https://www.cookiepro.com/) - Cookie management as part of a bigger privacy management solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CookiePro](https://www.cookiepro.com/) - Cookie management as part of a privacy management solution.
```

- [React Cookie Consent](https://github.com/Mastermindzh/react-cookie-consent) - A small and customizable cookie consent bar for React applications.
- [React Cookie Banner](https://github.com/buildo/react-cookie-banner) - React cookie banner which can be automatically dismissed with a scroll.

## Media
- [Mux](https://mux.com/) - Stream hosted and live videos.
- [Spotify web playback SDK](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-playback-sdk/) - Client-side JavaScript library which allows you to create a new player in Spotify Connect and play any audio track from Spotify in the browser via encrypted media extensions.

## Form

> - [Static Forms](https://www.staticforms.xyz/) - Get form results sent by email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Static Forms](https://www.staticforms.xyz/) - Form that sends submissions by email.
```

> - [Form King](https://www.formking.io/) - See form results in a dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Form King](https://www.formking.io/) - Form with an admin dashboard.
```

- [FlyingForms](https://flyingforms.io/?utm_source=github-awesome-components&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=awesome-list) - Building, versioning and managing forms.

## Marketing

> - [TrustPulse](https://trustpulse.com/) - Shows recent buyers on you website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [TrustPulse](https://trustpulse.com/) - Shows recent buyers on the website.
```

Author: There's a typo in "your" which I fixed, but I would not got to "the" which I think is confusing.

Reviewer: How about "Shows recent buyers on websites."? "Yours" I think is redundant.

## Changelog
- [Beamer](https://www.getbeamer.com) - Combination of push notifications and changelog management.

> - [Changelogfy](https://changelogfy.com/) - Changelogfy is a software and product release notes tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Changelogfy](https://changelogfy.com/) - Software and product release notes tool.
```

> - [Changefeed](https://changefeed.app/) - Set up a changelog page or Embed your changelog in your website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Changefeed](https://changefeed.app/) - Changelog page and embedded widget on the website.
```

- [Canny's Changelog](https://canny.io/features/changelog) - Combines changelog with product roadmaps.
- [ProductFlare's Changelog](https://www.productflare.com/changelog) - Changelog widget around a product team task management system.
- [Changes](https://changes.blue) - Changelog building kit.

## Telecommunication

> - [Vonage](https://www.vonage.com/) - Voice, messaging, video and data capabilities across Unified Communications, Contact Centers and Communications APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Vonage](https://www.vonage.com/) - Voice, messaging, video and data capabilities across unified communications, contact centers and communication APIs.
```

## Social Media
- [AddThis](https://www.addthis.com/) - Social sharing buttons, available on AMPs.
- [ShareThis](https://sharethis.com/) - Social sharing buttons.

> - [AddToAny](https://www.addtoany.com/) - Sharing buttons for ~100 different target services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [AddToAny](https://www.addtoany.com/) - Sharing buttons for different target services.
```

Author: The high number is what differentiates this solution from the others. I've updated to `Sharing buttons for many different target services.` to make the description even less brittle.

Reviewer: Cool!

## Search

> - [Algolia](https://www.algolia.com/) - Search for your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Algolia](https://www.algolia.com/) - Search for the whole application.
```

Author: Would also use "you" here as it is less sterile and confusing.

Reviewer: > Search for applications?

Author: That's even more confusing. That sounds like you would search for applications

## Feature flags
- [Optimizely's Rollouts](https://www.optimizely.com/rollouts) - Feature flags combined with A/B testing.
- [LaunchDarkly](https://launchdarkly.com/) - Feature management with multiple integrations in CI servers and ticketing systems.

> - [Split](https://www.split.io/) - Another feature management with multiple integrations in CI servers and ticketing systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Split](https://www.split.io/) - Feature management with multiple integrations in CI servers and ticketing systems.
```

Author: That's the same description as the item above which looks like a copy-paste error. That's why I added "another" to make clear that it isn't.

> - [Rollout](https://rollout.io/) - Focus on segmented roll-out of features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Rollout](https://rollout.io/) - Feature management focused on segmented roll-out of features.
```
